salutations everybody this is a burp on
squid making a splash with a quick
little video here to explain the footage
right now there was a glitch a while
back where mobs would not target players
whatsoever so I logged into my alternate
account and ran all the way from rag
knee to Troms and about 12 minutes which
probably could be a record but saying I
had to abuse a glitch to do it I guess
it wouldn't it probably shouldn't count
but you know I bet a lot of people did
this too so it's not really much but the
main focus of the video here is that I'm
at 1,000 subscribe as well now it's like
a thousand and a hundred now it's not
really a thousand anymore but still
close to a thousand and I'm not really
sure what you guys want to see so I'm
posting this video as a bit of a
call-out just tell me what kind of
videos you guys want you know if you're
and if you're gonna say wind craft be a
bit more specific you know what kind of
videos you want to see or and I went
ahead this part I run back to in a sack
because I actually hadn't been to any
town so if I failed at the bridge part I
would just respawn back at a dragon aid
have to do it all over again so I ran
back to the sack just to you know get a
spawn point there and although I still
make it across the bridge in one piece
pretty easily so if you're gonna say win
craft you know be a bit more specific
what do you want to see I'm open to
ideas I might not use your idea but I
might not use your idea but I I might
consider it or I'm not the same amount
of ideas but I could certainly use some
ideas about what you guys want to see
because I'm not sure if what I'm
delivering to you is something you're
interested in seeing
now this thunderstorm going on outside
not sure if that picked up so it's just
just tell me what you want to see you
know maybe more trouble mine ville which
I kind of doubt because those no one
would watch those well some some of you
did and I'm glad you did but not really
enough for you so just what do you want
to see that's a just quick little call a
quick video here you know just just tell
me that's all I really wanna know you
know no fancy voting system just tell me
it'll be and you know win craft be a bit
more specific you know whatever and
that's about the video about to wrap up
here thanks for watching